wordsmith to mention tpm  and explain execution environments (#253)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

use key material and
cryptographic functions, such as signing or cipher algorithms, to
create Evidence.
There is no limit to or requirement on the places that an Attesting Environment can exist, but they typically are in a Trusted Plaform Module (TPM), a Trusted Execution Environments (TEE), an embedded Secure Elements

> (eSE), or BIOS firmware.

Reviewer: 1) grammar arity mismatch ("a Environments", "an Elements")
2) I'm not sure a TPM alone can be an Attesting Environment since by themselves cannot collect claims as far as I understand, they require another trusted component to feed them the measurements.  If my understanding is correct, a TPM is not an Attesting Environment as defined in lines 400-401, they are a piece of an Attesting Environment.  I.e., the Attesting Environment is the TPM + whatever is feeding it measurements.

> There is no limit to or requirement on the places that an Attesting Environment can exist, but they typically are in a Trusted Plaform Module (TPM), a Trusted Execution Environments (TEE), an embedded Secure Elements
> (eSE), or BIOS firmware.

Author: ```suggestion
There is no limit to or requirement on the places that an Attesting Environment can exist, but they typically are in a  Trusted Execution Environments (TEE), an embedded Secure Elements
(eSE), and BIOS firmware.
```
